1.	Save the script as main.rs and compile it using cargo build --release.
	2.	Create a california_map.json file as shown in the example above.
	3.	Run the executable, and interact with the map via the terminal.




To run and use the MU/TH/UR AI project, you’ll need to follow these steps. It involves setting up your environment, compiling the Rust project, and interacting with the terminal-based system. Here’s a step-by-step guide:
1. Set Up Your Development Environment

	1.	Install Rust:
	•	Download and install Rust from rust-lang.org.
	•	Use rustup to ensure you have the latest stable version:


rustup update


2.	Install Visual Studio Code:
	•	If you haven’t already, download and install Visual Studio Code.
	•	Add the Rust Analyzer extension for syntax highlighting, code suggestions, and debugging.
	3.	Clone the Project Repository:
	•	If you’re uploading this to GitHub, clone the repository to your machine:


git clone https://github.com/your-username/mu-th-ur.git
cd mu-th-ur



2. Compile the Project

	1.	Navigate to the project folder:


cd mu-th-ur


Build the project using Cargo (Rust’s build system):


cargo build


Run the project:

cargo run


Interacting with MU/TH/UR AI


e following commands to interact with the submodules:
	•	ELIZA: Launch the conversational AI.
	•	MAP: Open the map visualization module.
	•	TASKS: Manage tasks and schedules.
	•	Quit: Exit the program.

Example Usage:

	1.	Launch ELIZA:

MU/TH/UR: ELIZA
ELIZA: How can I help you today?

	•	Engage in a conversation.

	2.	Open the Map Module:

MU/TH/UR: MAP
MAP: Available Commands: View, Ping, Upload, Exit
MAP: view
Displaying map...

	•	You can view maps, add pings, or upload new ones.

	3.	Access Task Management:

MU/TH/UR: TASKS
TASKS: 1. List Tasks
TASKS: 2. Add New Task
TASKS: 3. Exit
TASKS: 1
Listing all tasks...

4. Add New Features or Updates

	•	Use Visual Studio Code to edit the files.
	•	After making changes, compile the project again with:

cargo build


	•	Test your changes using:

cargo run

5. Notes for Future Expansion

	•	Adding New Maps:
	•	To upload a map, use the upload command in the Map module. You can programmatically add new .json or other supported map files to the database.
	•	Enhancing ELIZA:
	•	Expand ELIZA’s functionality by editing src/eliza/ files, such as patterns.rs or responses.rs.
	•	Commit Changes:
	•	After making updates or testing new features, commit them to your GitHub repository:

git add .
git commit -m "Added new feature XYZ"
git push

6. Deployment (Optional)

Once your project is complete and stable:
	1.	Build a Standalone Executable:

cargo build --release

The executable will be located in the target/release/ directory.


